Update distribution.md (#7559)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/plugin-development/distribution.md

    ```

2. Pack the installed rock:

> {:.important}
> > **Important:** `luarocks pack` is dependent on the `zip` utility being installed. More recent images of Kong Gateway have been hardened, and utilities such as `zip` are no longer available. If this is being performed as part of a custom Docker image, please ensure `zip` is installed prior to running this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {:.important}
   > **Important:** `luarocks pack` is dependent on the `zip` utility being installed. More recent images of {{site.base_gateway}} have been hardened, and utilities such as `zip` are no longer available. If this is being performed as part of a custom Docker image, ensure `zip` is installed prior to running this command.
```
